
# Aapka ChatBot

This is a simple chatbot built using Streamlit and Groq. It allows you to have conversations with an AI assistant and save the chat history to a file.

## Features

1. **Conversation History**: The chat history is saved to a file for each conversation.
2. **Title Generation**: The title of the conversation is generated based on the chat history.
3. **User Input Handling**: The user input is handled and the response is generated by the AI assistant.
## Generators

### Story Generator
The Story Generator takes a user prompt and generates a story based on the input. It uses the `StoryGenerator` class to create the story.
```input
/story write a story on tit for tat
```

### Recipe Generator
The Recipe Generator takes a user prompt and generates a recipe based on the input. It uses the `RecipeGenerator` class to create the recipe.
```input
/recipe write a recipe on burger
```

### News Searcher
The News Searcher takes a user prompt and performs a search based on the input. It uses the `NewsLetter` class to generate the response.
```input
/story write a story on tit for tat
```

### Blog Writer
The Blog Writer takes a user prompt and generates a blog post based on the input. It uses the `BlogWriter` class to create the blog post.
```input
/blog write a blog on OpenAI's new model o1
```

### Web Searcher
The Web Searcher takes a user prompt and performs a web search based on the input. It uses the `WebSearcher` class to perform the search and return the results.
```input
/web when starlink will come to pakistan?
```

## Installation

1. Clone the repository:
   ```
   git clone https://github.com/AteebHussain2/AIFinalProject.git
   ```
2. Install the dependencies:
   ```
   pip install -r requirements.txt
   ```
                              
## Usage

1. Run the Streamlit app:
   ```
   streamlit run app.py
   ```
2. Use the chatbot to have conversations with the AI assistant.
3. The chat history is saved to a file for each conversation.
4. The title of the conversation is generated based on the chat history.
                              
## Contributing

Contributions are welcome! If you find any issues or have suggestions for improvements, please open an issue or submit a pull request.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License. See the LICENSE file for more details.

